MAID PROTECT360 PRO - BENEFITS AND COVERAGE EXTRACTED FROM TABLE

Section 1 - Personal Accident Coverage:
Personal Accident Accidental Death benefit provides sixty thousand dollars for Basic plan, seventy thousand dollars for Enhanced plan, eighty thousand dollars for Premier plan, and one hundred thousand dollars for Exclusive plan.

Personal Accident Permanent Disablement benefit provides sixty thousand dollars for Basic plan, seventy thousand dollars for Enhanced plan, eighty thousand dollars for Premier plan, and one hundred thousand dollars for Exclusive plan.

Accidental Medical Reimbursement covers when your helper sustains an injury and requires outpatient medical treatment with benefits of one thousand dollars for Basic plan, two thousand dollars for Enhanced plan, three thousand dollars for Premier plan, and five thousand dollars for Exclusive plan.

Clinical Visit coverage provides fifty dollars per visit for Basic plan, seventy five dollars per visit for Enhanced plan, one hundred dollars per visit for Premier plan, and two hundred dollars per visit for Exclusive plan.

Dental treatment coverage provides no coverage for Basic plan, 100$ benefit coverage for Enhanced plan, $250 per accident for Premier plan, and four hundred dollars per accident for Exclusive plan.

Ambulance Fee coverage provides no coverage for Basic plan, one hundred dollars per year for Enhanced plan, one hundred dollars per year for Premier plan, and one hundred dollars per year for Exclusive plan.

Treatment by a Chinese Physician provides no coverage for Basic plan, no coverage for Enhanced plan, one hundred dollars per accident for Premier plan, and two hundred dollars per accident for Exclusive plan.

Physiotherapy coverage provides no coverage for Basic plan, no coverage for Enhanced plan, two hundred fifty dollars per year for Premier plan, and three hundred dollars per year for Exclusive plan.

Section 2 - Hospital and Surgical Expenses:
Hospital and Surgical Expenses Annual Limit covers when your helper is hospitalized due to an injury or illness and extends to cover Infectious Diseases with up to ninety days Pre and Post hospitalization or Day Surgery, providing sixty thousand dollars annual limit for Basic plan, sixty thousand dollars for Enhanced plan, eighty thousand dollars for Premier plan, and eighty thousand dollars for Exclusive plan.

Hospital Cash benefit provides no coverage for Basic plan, twenty dollars per day up to thirty days for Enhanced plan, thirty dollars per day up to thirty days for Premier plan, and fifty dollars per day up to thirty days for Exclusive plan.

Waiver of Co-Payment for Hospital and Surgical Expenses covers the twenty five percent co-payment payable by an employer with coverage provided for Enhanced, Premier, and Exclusive plans but not for Basic plan.

Section 3 - Hospital Cash:
Hospital Cash benefit is covered under Section 2 with varying amounts per day up to thirty days depending on the plan selected.

Section 4 - Wages and Levy Reimbursement:
Wages and Levy Reimbursement compensates you for your helper's wages and levy if she is hospitalized due to an injury or illness on a reimbursement basis, providing coverage for Enhanced, Premier, and Exclusive plans with forty dollars per day up to thirty days for Enhanced plan, fifty dollars per day up to thirty days for Premier plan, and sixty dollars per day up to thirty days for Exclusive plan.

Section 5 - Alternative Maid Services:
Alternative Maid Services pays for the cost of hiring temporary help if your helper is hospitalized due to an injury or illness on a reimbursement basis, providing no benefit for Basic plan, one hundred dollars per day up to thirty days for Enhanced plan, one hundred fifty dollars per day up to thirty days for Premier plan, and two hundred dollars per day up to thirty days for Exclusive plan.

Section 6 - Replacement Maid Expenses:
Replacement Maid Expenses pays for the actual expenses incurred for the termination and or employment agency's fees incurred for hiring a replacement helper due to injury, illness or death on a reimbursement basis, providing 200$ for Basic plan, three hundred dollars for Enhanced plan, five hundred dollars for Premier plan, and six hundred dollars for Exclusive plan.

Section 7 - Repatriation Expenses:
Repatriation Expenses covers transportation expenses to send your helper back to her country of origin following her permanent disablement or death, providing ten thousand dollars for Basic, Enhanced, Premier plan, and Exclusive plan.

Section 8 - Family Grant:
Family Grant pays a lump sum benefit to the helper's estate following her death which arises out of an injury or illness sustained during the period of insurance, providing no coverage benefit for Basic plan, two thousand dollars for Enhanced plan, three thousand dollars for Premier plan, and five thousand dollars for Exclusive plan.

Section 9 - Insurance Guarantee Bond:
Insurance Guarantee Bond to Ministry of Manpower provides a letter of guarantee for a five thousand dollar Security Bond that will be issued on your behalf to MOM, with coverage $5000 included for all plans - Basic, Enhanced, Premier, and Exclusive.

Section 10 - Liability to Third Parties:
Liability to Third Parties covers for legal liability to third party accidental death, bodily injury or property damage caused by your helper during her employment in Singapore, providing no coverage for Basic plan, three thousand dollars for Enhanced plan, five thousand dollars for Premier plan, and seven thousand dollars for Exclusive plan.

Section 11 - Maid Personal Belongings:
Maid Personal Belongings pays for the loss or damage to your helper's personal belongings due to fire or theft at your house on a reimbursement basis, providing no coverage for Basic plan, one thousand dollars for Enhanced plan, two thousand dollars for Premier plan, and four thousand dollars for Exclusive plan.

Section 12 - Home Contents:
Home Contents compensates for loss or damage to your home contents arising out of a fire caused by your helper on a reimbursement basis, providing $5000 coverage for Basic plan, ten thousand dollars for Enhanced plan, fifteen thousand dollars for Premier plan, and thirty thousand dollars for Exclusive plan.

Outpatient Privileges for Helper:
Outpatient Medical provides subsidised consultation fee at panel of clinics with coverage is not included for basic and but included for Enhanced, Premier, and Exclusive.

Outpatient Dental Consultation fee at panel of clinics when treatment is done provides waived fees and is included for Enhanced, Premier, and Exclusive plans but not explicitly stated for Basic plan.

Subsidised treatment fee at panel of clinics provides waived fees and is included for Enhanced, Premier, and Exclusive plans but not explicitly stated for Basic plan.

Premium Rates Information:
Premium rates with GST for aged fifty and below for fourteen months policy are three hundred ninety dollars and forty cents for Basic plan, four hundred twenty eight dollars and eighty cents for Enhanced plan, four hundred forty nine dollars and forty cents for Premier plan, and five hundred thirty two dollars and eighty cents for Exclusive plan.

Premium rates with GST for aged fifty and below for twenty six months policy are five hundred seven dollars for Basic plan, five hundred fifty six dollars and ninety cents for Enhanced plan, five hundred eighty three dollars and sixty cents for Premier plan, and six hundred ninety two dollars for Exclusive plan.

Premium rates with GST for aged fifty one and above for fourteen months policy are one thousand eighty one dollars and sixty cents for Basic plan, one thousand one hundred thirty one dollars and forty cents for Enhanced plan, one thousand one hundred fifty six dollars and fifty cents for Premier plan, and one thousand two hundred thirty nine dollars and ninety cents for Exclusive plan.

Premium rates with GST for aged fifty one and above for twenty six months policy are one thousand four hundred four dollars and seventy cents for Basic plan, one thousand four hundred sixty nine dollars and thirty cents for Enhanced plan, one thousand five hundred one dollars and ninety cents for Premier plan, and one thousand six hundred ten dollars and thirty cents for Exclusive plan.

Optional Coverage Section 13 - Waiver of Counter Indemnity:
Under Add-ons, Waiver of Counter Indemnity with excess two hundred fifty dollars relieves your liability in the event MOM makes a demand for security bond payment, with premium rate of fifty four dollars and fifty cents with GST.

Optional Coverage Section 14 - Enhanced Medical Benefits:
Under Add-ons, Enhanced Medical Benefits Additional Hospital and Surgical Expenses add-on to the annual limit under Section 2 provides ten thousand dollars per year coverage.

Under Add-ons, Enhanced Medical Benefits Critical Illness for Major Cancers, Heart Attack, Stroke, CABP, Kidney Failure provides ten thousand dollars coverage.

Under Add-ons, Enhanced Medical Benefits Mobility Aid Reimbursement for purchase of mobility aid equipment such as wheelchairs and crutches as prescribed by a certified doctor provides five hundred dollars per year coverage on reimbursement basis.

Under Add-ons, Enhanced Medical Benefits Free Medical Tele-Consultation provides three times for Employer and three times for your helper per year.

Under Add-ons, Enhanced Medical Benefits premium rates with GST for aged fifty and below for fourteen months policy is eighty one dollars and eighty cents, and for twenty six months policy is one hundred five dollars and eighty cents.

Under Add-ons, Enhanced Medical Benefits premium rates with GST for aged fifty one and above for fourteen months policy is two hundred thirty nine dollars and eighty cents, and for twenty six months policy is four hundred eleven dollars.

Under Add-ons, Six-Monthly Medical Examination MOM includes Physical Examination and Blood Test VDRL plus Pregnancy only, providing up to two times for fourteen months policy and up to four times for twenty six months policy, with premium rates of fifty four dollars and fifty cents for fourteen months and one hundred nine dollars for twenty six months with GST.